README.md, before:

# sqlalchemy-challenge
Module 10 challenge repository
# Climate App API

This project is a Flask API that provides climate data from a SQLite database.

## Available Routes

![Full API list](API%20IMAGES/Full%20API%20list.png)
- `/api/v1.0/precipitation`
- `/api/v1.0/stations`
- `/api/v1.0/tobs`
- `/api/v1.0/<start>`
- `/api/v1.0/<start>/<end>`

## Example Outputs

### Precipitation Data
![Precipitation API](API%20IMAGES/Precipitation%20API.png)

### Stations Data
![Station API](API%20IMAGES/Station%20API.png)

### TOBS Data
![Date API](API%20IMAGES/Date%20API.png)

### Temperature Data from Start Date (01-01-2017)
![AVG MAX MIN 01012017](API%20IMAGES/AVG%20MAX%20MIN_01012017.png)

### Temperature Data from Start to End Date (12-31-2017)
![AVG MAX MIN 12312017](API%20IMAGES/AVG%20MAX%20MIN_12312017.png)

## Acknowledgments

I would like to thank the following tools and assistants for their help in this project:

- [ChatGPT](https://www.openai.com/research/chatgpt) by OpenAI for providing assistance with code and project guidance.
- [Xpert Learning Assistant](https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/5344/external_tools/313) from the course for additional support and resources.

Commit message:

updated readme file with challenge assistant call out

README.md, after:

# sqlalchemy-challenge
Module 10 challenge repository
# Climate App API

This project is a Flask API that provides climate data from a SQLite database.

## Available Routes

![Full API list](API%20IMAGES/Full%20API%20list.png)
- `/api/v1.0/precipitation`
- `/api/v1.0/stations`
- `/api/v1.0/tobs`
- `/api/v1.0/<start>`
- `/api/v1.0/<start>/<end>`

## Example Outputs

### Precipitation Data
![Precipitation API](API%20IMAGES/Precipitation%20API.png)

### Stations Data
![Station API](API%20IMAGES/Station%20API.png)

### TOBS Data
![Date API](API%20IMAGES/Date%20API.png)

### Temperature Data from Start Date (01-01-2017)
![AVG MAX MIN 01012017](API%20IMAGES/AVG%20MAX%20MIN_01012017.png)

### Temperature Data from Start to End Date (12-31-2017)
![AVG MAX MIN 12312017](API%20IMAGES/AVG%20MAX%20MIN_12312017.png)

## Jupyter Notebook Analysis

To run the climate data analysis in the Jupyter notebook:

1. **Install Dependencies**:
   ```sh
   pip install pandas numpy sqlalchemy matplotlib jupyter



## Acknowledgments

I would like to note that I used the following tools help with this challenge:


- [ChatGPT](https://www.openai.com/research/chatgpt) by OpenAI for providing assistance with code and project guidance.
- [Xpert Learning Assistant](https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/5344/external_tools/313) from the course for additional support and resources.
